<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>How The Raven Lost It's Colors</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<div class="page">
	<h1 class="title">How The Raven Lost It's Colors</h1>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">Long before time was time and people knew how to tell stories like this, the raven was the most beautiful bird in the world.</p>
	<p>Contained within his feathers was every color imaginable.</p>
	<p>There were the most brilliant blues and the brightest reds and the deepest purples and the most vibrant greens and yellows and oranges and all the other colors you can imagine.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">Not only was the raven beautiful, but he could sing better than all the other birds as well.</p>
	<p>His voice was sweeter than the nightingale and he had more songs than the mockingbird.</p>
	<p>The raven loved to sing, and the other animals loved to hear him.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">The raven was very proud of his feathers and his voice, and he would strut around the other birds laughing at their dull plumage and shrill voices.</p>
	<p>This made the other birds jealous, especially the hawk.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">The hawk was not a beautiful bird.</p>
	<p>His feathers were a murky brown and when he tried to sing, all that came out was an piercing shriek.</p>
	<p>But what he lacked in beauty, he made up for in cunning.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">One rainy day, the hawk decided to challenge the raven to see who could fly the highest.</p>
	<p>The raven, being the proud bird he was, accepted the challenge.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">So the raven and the hawk darted into the sky and flew as high and as fast as they could.</p>
	<p>They flew through the wind and the rain, climbing higher and higher into the storm clouds above.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">The hawk knew he was beaten as soon as they started, but he didn't care, he had a plan.</p>
	<p>Even though he was far below the raven, the hawk kept urging him higher and higher.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">The raven, not knowing the hawk's plan, kept going up and up, dodging the lightning and the clouds as he went.</p>
	<p>He climbed so high, he eventually saw light coming through the dense clouds above him.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">The raven best his wings harder and harder, straining to reach the top of the clouds.</p>
	<p>When he finally broke through the clouds, he was blinded by the brightness of the sun.</p>
	<p>His beautiful feathers started to sizzle in the sun's heat, and the raven fell through the air crying out in pain and surprise.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">Just as the raven was falling, the storm clouds broke, and a ray of sunlight pierced the stormy grey sky.</p>
	<p>The sun's light was so strong it burnt the color right out of the raven's feathers.</p>
	<p>The colored smoke trailed behind the raven and made the first rainbow.</p>
</div>
<div class="page">
	<p class="spaceAbove">From that day on the raven's feathers were charred black.</p>
	<p>He forgot all his beautiful songs and could only wail out at his loss.</p>
	<p>The raven learned an important lesson that day.</p>
	<p>After pride comes the fall...and never listen to a hawk.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>